Migrated docs for the checkbox component (#380)
indiana-university/rivet-source: src/components/checkbox/README.md

            </li>
        </ul>
    </fieldset>
</form>
```

### Checkbox list

To output the checkboxes similar to the vertical orientation of a `ul`, use the `rvt-plain-list` class on the `ul`.

```
<form>
    <fieldset>
        <legend class="sr-only">Checkbox list</legend>
        <ul class="rvt-plain-list">
            <li>
                <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-3">
                <label for="checkbox-3" class="rvt-m-right-sm">Option one</label>
            </li>
            <li>
                <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-4">
                <label for="checkbox-4">Option two</label>
            </li>
            <li>
                <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-4-disable" disabled>
                <label for="checkbox-4-disable">Option three disabled</label>
            </li>
            <li>
                <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-5" disabled checked>
                <label for="checkbox-5">Option four checked and disabled</label>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </fieldset>
</form>
```

### Indeterminate State

> It can be used to indicate a partially checked state. A typical use case would be nested checkboxes/selections like the following example. [This article](#) explains the indeterminate state in greater detail. **You will need to initialize the indeterminate JavaScript in order to use this functionality.** [UPDATE LATER WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR HOW TO DO THIS]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indeterminate state is a built-in checkbox property that allows you to indicate a partially checked state. A typical use case would be nested checkboxes/selections like the following example. [This article](#) explains the indeterminate state in greater detail. **You will need to initialize the indeterminate JavaScript in order to use this functionality.**

To initialize the JavaScript for this, you will need to retrieve the element and set the indeterminate state to `true`.

```
// Initializing indeterminate state

```
<script>
const checkbox = document.querySelector('#checkbox-indeterminate');
    checkbox.indeterminate = true;
</script>
```

Reviewer: The code suggestion logic has a bit of an issue with items wrapped in backticks within the suggestion, so this is a little messed up. Everything below the visual suggestion should be wrapped in backticks.

<fieldset>
    <legend class="rvt-sr-only">Indeterminate state</legend>
    <ul class="rvt-plain-list">
        <li>
            <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-indeterminate">
            <label for="checkbox-indeterminate">Parent option one</label>
            <ul class="rvt-plain-list rvt-p-left-lg">
                <li>
                    <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-6-1" checked>
                    <label for="checkbox-6-1">Child option one</label>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-6-2">
                    <label for="checkbox-6-2">Child option two</label>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
            <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-7">
            <label for="checkbox-7">Parent option two</label>
        </li>
        <li>
            <input type="checkbox" name="checkbox-demo" id="checkbox-8">
            <label for="checkbox-8">Parent option three</label>
        </li>
    </ul>

> </fieldset>

Reviewer: Wrap in backticks.
